c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.exe.config
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.About.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Diagnosis.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.frmMenu.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Resources.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Pet.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.SplashScreen1.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.exe
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.pdb
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.xml
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.exe
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.xml
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.pdb
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.AbdominalCramps.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Aggression.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Anorexia.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.BadBreath.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Bloody_stool.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Bloody_urine.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_drooling.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_Hairloss.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_nasal_discharge.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_nervous.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_seizures.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_sneezing.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_weightloss.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Constipation.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Coughing.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Depression.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Diarrhoea.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Dog_vomiting.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Drooling_excessive.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Excessive_drinking.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Excessive_licking_and_Chewing.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Fatigue.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.fever.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Hair_loss.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Itching.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Nasal_Congestion.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Painting_excessive.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.StiffNeck.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Swollen_lymph_nodes.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Vomit.resources
c:\users\mokgosi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Vomiting.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.exe.config
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.exe
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.xml
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.pdb
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.exe
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.pdb
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\bin\Debug\MNB.xml
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.AbdominalCramps.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.About.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Aggression.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Anorexia.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.BadBreath.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Bloody_stool.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Bloody_urine.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_drooling.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_Hairloss.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_nasal_discharge.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_nervous.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_seizures.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_sneezing.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Cat_weightloss.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Constipation.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Coughing.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Depression.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Diagnosis.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Diarrhoea.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Dog_vomiting.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Drooling_excessive.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Excessive_drinking.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Excessive_licking_and_Chewing.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Fatigue.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.fever.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Hair_loss.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Itching.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.frmMenu.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Nasal_Congestion.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Painting_excessive.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Pet.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.SplashScreen1.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.StiffNeck.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Swollen_lymph_nodes.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Vomit.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Vomiting.resources
C:\Users\mokgosi\Downloads\cs\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mokgosi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MNB\MNB\obj\Debug\MNB.Form1.resources
